Mr. He, I am already married
Please let me go.
I can't marry you
Pardon me?
I spent 5 million marrying you
You should also cuckold me
Taking my money and hooking up with other men
Did you not take me seriously?
No, my dad unilaterally promised you
I didn't agree at all
How dare you dislike me?
Your husband is richer than me
Is it richer than me?
Although my husband is just an ordinary person
Migrant workers are our love
I will only marry him in my life
Ok you stinky bitch
I would rather marry a poor migrant worker
No matter whether you marry me
If it weren't for your beauty
I will cherish you and protect you
Since you don't care about me
Then you let me dream
Dad, you are so cute
I will satisfy you today.
Help! No
Help! Help!